Remove obsolete example of FleetAllocator service (#1620)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Getting Started/create-fleet.md

- Have a look at the [GameServer Creation, Allocation and Shutdown Lifecycle]({{< ref "/docs/Guides/gameserver-lifecycle.md" >}}) diagram,
    to give you a good overview of how all the pieces fit together - from creating to integrating with a matchmaker.
- Or if you want to try to use your own GameServer container make sure you have properly integrated the [Agones SDK]({{< ref "/docs/Guides/Client SDKs/_index.md" >}}).

> - If you would like to learn how to programmatically allocate a Game Server from the fleet using the Agones API, see [Allocator Service]({{< relref "../Advanced/allocator-service.md" >}}) tutorial.

Reviewer: Maybe point to both https://agones.dev/site/docs/guides/access-api/ and https://agones.dev/site/docs/advanced/allocator-service/ ?

Something like?

```suggestion
- If you would like to learn how to programmatically allocate a Game Server from the fleet, see how to [Access Agones via the Kubernetes API](https://agones.dev/site/docs/guides/access-api/) or alternatively use the [Allocator Service]({{< relref "../Advanced/allocator-service.md" >}}), depending on your needs.
```

Author: Agree
